[Merged by Bors] - Implement stacks and services commands (#36)
stackabletech/stackablectl: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/commands/release.adoc

= Release

> A release is a well-playing bundle of operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A release is a bundle of operators of a specific stable version. The stable versions of the operators are tested and proven to work hand in hand.
```

hive                  0.6.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:07.314849464 +0200 CEST
kafka                 0.6.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:09.702246063 +0200 CEST
nifi                  0.6.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:12.059869868 +0200 CEST
opa                   0.9.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:14.413966761 +0200 CEST
secret                0.5.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:16.759818535 +0200 CEST
spark-k8s             0.3.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:17.149187107 +0200 CEST
superset              0.5.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:19.529351352 +0200 CEST
trino                 0.4.0           default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:29.867283641 +0200 CEST
zookeeper             0.10.0          default                        deployed         2022-07-15 10:01:40.24662955 +0200 CEST
----

== Uninstall release

> To uninstall the release again you can use the uninstall command

Author: `stackablectl` only allows a single instance of an specific operator to run at a time (unless to trick it by deploying in different namespaces - which generates a warning).
So here it simply removes all the operators that are part of the release - regardless of their version

> To uninstall the release again you can use the uninstall command

Reviewer 2: So this could be rephrased more accurately with

```suggestion
To uninstall all operators contained in a release regardless of their actual installed versions, you can use the uninstall command:
```

or something similar.
